---
title: 09-06-17
date: 2017-09-06 21:21:31
visible: hide
tags: Diary
visible: hide
---

# Vacation at San Francisco

Labor day vacation is the first vacation since I start to work. Using the salary to have fun is very exciting. I do not need to worry about how much money I spend and if I need to ask for money from parents. I feel relax and happy.

The vacation is pretty interesting. Sophie and I went to a self service BBQ at a public seashore. Everything is FYI expect the grill. We bought charcoal, flame gel starter marinated beef, clam, corn, BBQ lighter, ice and a lot of other stuffs. Lighting the charcoal was not so hard as I imagine. Adding some flame gel starter, charcoal can be easily ignited.

After the BBQ, we went to a SPA center to enjoy a Swedish massage. The service is quite different from what we take in China. First we were covered by Cedar with enzyme which is very warm and soft all over the body and the feeling in it is very special. It just likes you fall into mud but the mud is very warm. It is very comfortable at first, because the temperature is just warm, but after a while you will feel quite hot and thirsty and want to get out of from it. Luckily, the server called us out when the feeling becomes worse. The Swedish massage is quite similar to the massage we took in China, expect the masseur is big native female. I was quite tired at that time and almost fell asleep during the massage.

Everything of this vacation is great but not the weather. The highest temperature breaks the historical record and reach to 108 degrees. Therefore, Sophie decided to go to waging waters (water park) to have fun, because the temperature never allowed her to do so before. The San Jose's raging waters has many attractions, but we enjoyed the water slides most. Some slides are very long and has many circles, the speed can very fast and sometimes your body can go up to the side of the slide. Some slides are very steep. It would just like the slide throws you out. Your body would completely leave the slide and after a second you would drop and hit the slide again, which is very exciting.

Before I left San Francisco, we went to a park at Pacifica and we found a couple of houses built in a excellent environmnet. These houses are new and on the one side of them is the sea and the other side is the park. One of them is 1.25M which is an affordable price. Fine! I get another goal of life.

Everything is perfect except the flight I took from SF to EWR. It is a night flight and arrived at EWR at around 6am, which means I would spend the whole night on the plane and cannot have a good sleep. However, the worst thing is I still need to work that day. Damn!


# Agile Learning

I almost fell asleep during the course and I cannot understand what the lecturer was talking about. My brain stopped working because the lack of sleep. I hate this feeling and will not break the sleep rule again.

However, at least, I still learn some basic things and know what is scrum, what is scrum master and product owner.

Fine, I would make a detailed summary tomorrow.
