---
title: 26-10-17
date: 2017-10-26 08:20:31
tags: Diary
visible: hide
---

Yesterday is our team out day. We went to top golf to play.

I figured out several things.

1. Marygrace is called Chen Sixuan and she lives in Grove St. in Jersey City
2. Ashish comes from North India.
3. Almost all of India movies have music and dance. And the music India are always coming along with movies.
4. James loves beatles?


experience:

1. I got the highest score: 50
2. Interesting to play
3. Top golf is different from golf. We stand on one side of the court and kick the ball to the wholes in the court. Every whole has its score and, even though, I have not figure out the way to calculate the score, the thing that I am sure is that the farther you can kick the ball, the higher score you can get.



Today:

I came cross a very bizarre case. I can successfuly build in intellij but when I use brazil build, it failed. It camplains that in the file: `AudiblePaymentsWidgetApplication/src/test/java/com/audible/paymentswidget/datasources/PaymentsWidgetDataSourceTest.java` cannot find symbol `import com.audible.payments.utilities.AudiblePaymentUtilsImpl;` However, we can find the file in `AudibleAddressAndPaymentsLib`. The problem is normally we should not use 

```java
private PaymentUtils paymentUtils = new AudiblePaymentUtilsImpl();
``` 

in the test code. We should mock all the services and utils in other packages. Because brazil build should only compile the code and only run the code in current package rather than create an instance from other packages. In the `Config` file, we can find `AudibleAddressAndPaymentsLib` is in runtime-dependencies. We should not create instances in `AudibleAddressAndPaymentsLib` when we build the `AudiblePaymentsWidgetApplication` package. 

However, this kind of error only occured when we turn on the find bug. If we turn findbug off, it would be like we run in intellij, the brazil build will find the dependency automatically, even though it is not perfectly correctly.